[Music] Oh,
Pink Lotus Bud!
Now, let's all say hello to
everyone watching the program.
I'll say it first,
then you all follow along. We greet
everyone!
Okay, let's all raise our hands high! Dear friends,
this afternoon we will meet a
very special person. Who is it, children?
That's right, it's Ms. Pham Thi
Yen, Dharma name Tam Chieu, Hoan Quan ice
cream shop. Are you ready to meet her? Ready?
Very ready! Extremely bright! Oh
yeah! Then let's all give a
big, long, and resounding round of applause
to welcome Ms. Pham
Thi Yen, Dharma name Tam Chieu, Hoan Quan,
to our program today!
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause] [Music] [Applause
]
Now, let's all clap high!
[Music]
Now, let's all shout loudly to greet her!
We respectfully greet her! We respectfully greet her! We respectfully
greet her!
Yes, we respectfully invite her to come forward!
The stage is open!
You all are so beautiful, please pay attention to our stage!
[Applause]
First of all, on behalf of the lovely little lotus buds, I
would like to send my greetings, best wishes for good
health, and thanks to you for taking the
time to come to this afternoon's exchange. I
respectfully greet you, teacher. In the summer of 2023,
Ba Vang Pagoda welcomed these
incredibly lovely little lotus buds. The
children shared with us that many of
them only met you through Zoom
via online meetings
about the summer retreat. They wished to
meet you in person and listen to your teachings,
and this afternoon you are here
to share with them. We can
feel the anticipation and excitement of the students.
And now, without keeping the lovely children and our
esteemed audience waiting any longer,
we invite you to begin the
program!
Hello children! Did you have fun at the retreat?
[Applause] Do
you want to stay here longer?
Today I am very happy to see you all
so happy. You
participated in the activities and had
so much fun playing around.  Especially
the little ones, they try very hard.
So today I'll ask you this:
Today we're going to talk about effort. Can any of you
tell me what effort means? Raising your
hands means effort, it
means you're doing
very well, very good.
We usually give you a big round of applause.
That's
right, children! Effort means
overcoming, surpassing. For example, right now,
with our normal abilities,
we can't do something, but
when we are determined, we overcome it, we take
actions to surpass it, that's
called effort. Do you
think your friend is good?
Good! Now,
let me see
how you've tried. Just one thing, each of you doing
one thing. Let's see what you've tried.
There are so many raised hands, it shows that you've all done well. Hello
children, let's
give your friend a round of applause!
[Applause]
[Music]
Do you need to see it again?
Why not show it again?
Duck  The duckling tries to follow the flock
[music]
[Applause]
Vietnamese
[music]
[Applause]
Southern ducklings.
Do you see how hard the duckling is trying? At
first, the duckling was going slowly, so
its mother chose the
easiest part of the stream to cross, right?
It was the smallest part, so its mother chose the smallest,
easiest part to cross, and then its mother
crossed to set an example for the other ducklings,
right?
So the ducklings followed their
mother's path and
crossed the
stream. But
this last duckling, because it couldn't go with the
flock, didn't it know the way? It did
n't know the way, so it tried to
cross at the parts of the stream
where the water was bigger, so it couldn't
cross, right? The children
and the duckling tried very hard, and in the
end, it
succeeded. Do you
see how hard it was trying? Was it
trying alone, or was
there someone else trying with it? It was
trying alone,
and yet it succeeded! And there's another amazing thing!
Your effort
has made you do something very special:
you didn't follow the flock, but you managed to go down that
section of the river.
Do you see? Now let's replay it.
I'll
show you where we're going.
Look, children, this is a flock of ducks. And this
is the last one.
Now, everyone, go up to that ledge. And there you go,
all of you, go up! And here's
our last duck!
You were going to play over here, children. You're going to drift over here,
right?
You're going to leave
this place for me. At times like this, were you
scared?
Were you scared? Raise your hand! So,
you said you were scared,
right? Or not scared?
You raised your hand if you were scared, right? Oh,
so you meant you weren't scared? Many of you said you weren't scared,
but that's not
right, is it? You were
swept away by the water, right? You
were swept very far, and you were very
scared because you were small, and you were
following the flock. You were small.  You were very
scared. But in this fear, how did you
try, children? In the midst of fear, you
tried your best. Look, children, you were scared, that's why
you swam away, that's why you stumbled like this.
Let me see again.
This is where you were standing, you were standing, you were
standing, you were standing, you were standing, you were standing on the wrong rock.
Look, children,
show me.
[Music]
This is Le, this is the rock. Look,
children, do you see?
You went to the wrong place. This path is
right, isn't it? You should have climbed onto
the rock over there. So you were
scared, you ran to the wrong place. Now
you're calm, right? Now you're on the
right place, children, right?
See? That means we have this: the
first rock, you have to cross the water,
then the second rock, then cross the
water, and only then can you follow Mom.
So you were standing on the first rock, and
what happened to you? You were scared, so when you got to the
second rock, you went around to the place where the
water swirled. Do you see? And then,
while you were...  In a whirlpool, you stay
very calm. You look back, you look
up, right? You know you have to go up. In
that direction, you swim back to
this place, you reach rock number 2,
you should get to the
shortest path, the place where your mother flew and your
siblings flew. Now you go to the
other side, then you wade across and
succeed. So, children, you see, in
times of panic, you need to
try. That effort will bring
you calmness,
right? When you go to school,
when you do your homework, when you try, you will be calm.
When you try, you
will be calm. When you don't try,
you will be panicked and scared. And if you are scared, will you
succeed? So, trying will lead to
success. I repeat, trying
leads to calmness, and calmness leads to
success. Do you see the value
of trying? It's
very good. So, how is the duck here?
Now, children, tell me the
meaning. Explain the meaning.
Let's see about this lesson, raise your hands!
Okay, I'll say it now.
Yes, teacher, at first the duck was very
scared, and after calming down, it
tried harder and harder and managed to
cross the stream. That's right!
At first it was scared, then it tried, tried,
then it calmed down, and then it
overcame the dangerous part.
Right, children? That's
very interesting!
Now, let's go to
another video, a very interesting video, a
very interesting story.
Our next story is also about obedience
and effort. The
duck before followed the
flock, isn't that obedience?
[Music]
Wait, let's show the next video.
Now let's analyze the
duck's obedience. If the
duck were playing, would it be able to follow the
flock? So, the
duck didn't play, it
had to obey its mother to follow the
flock. Now, a question for you children: Are there any
animals here that often disobey their
parents?  Not
too much
disobedience, okay? It's very good, but disobedience is bad.
Now I'll ask another question. If you
disobey your parents, what do you
think is harmful? Raise your
hand! If you disobey your
parents, what harm does it cause? In the
story, if you don't obey your mother duck and
follow the flock, what will happen to the duck? You'll get
lost, you'll be swept away by the water, right?
Now, what happens if you disobey your parents?
Those of you who have experienced this, tell me a
story!
Because you disobey and
follow... Because you'll get lost. That's right. Have you ever disobeyed? Yes,
I have.
What was the result? Tell your story to your classmates.
At home, my mother told my grandfather to sweep the floor
like this duck. Sweep the floor! But it gets
sticky! So I went to sleep. "Good night," I said. "What happened to me?"
my mother asked. "But I didn't sweep the floor." "So I went to sleep." "So I went to sleep." "So I went to sleep." "So, did
anyone get hurt?"  Sticky
feet?
Of course, kids! The floor is
sticky, and Mom told us to wipe it, but we didn't.
Someone else's feet will definitely get
sticky. Right, kids?
That's not a good result! Okay,
sit down. Now we have the
second story: The baby
antelope learning to walk. This is the
mother antelope giving birth to this baby antelope.
Look, kids! It's
about to be born!
[Music]
That's the baby antelope being born, it's
in a sack! Kids, that's it!
[Music]
And now the baby antelope really needs
Mom's help to bite out
this sack and lick itself clean!
[Music]
And now the baby antelope has to do it all by
itself! Kids, with the
help of Mom and Dad, the baby antelope has to learn to
walk! Look!
Kids, do you see the baby antelope trying?
Does it fall many times?
[Music]
And falling? Is it scared? Yes.
[Music] Look,
kids, you see the baby antelope's legs are
still very weak, right?
[Music]
That's the baby antelope!  The antelope is trying to stand up and
is nursing. You see,
[music]
every antelope is born like that,
children. We have to learn to walk on our own,
not be carried by our
parents like you. You see, the
antelope is trying,
trying to survive. So, do
you see that effort brings
good things?
Very good things! From now on,
remember to try hard.
Try to achieve good things.
And now we see the result of the
next effort. Look, children, it's great!
Effort leads to success! Now, you
two...
[music] Hello, little
puppies! Let's give a round of applause!
[Applause] Now,
you sit down in your chairs! Are
you happy?
[music]
Now, I have a question for you: If
these puppies know how to dance,
what is the first thing they have to do?
[music] The
dog has to try hard to do that.
Now think about it: when
learning like this, the dog...
Does this dog ever get the rope caught on its leg and
fall? It
has to try harder. That's right. So,
during training like this,
there will definitely be times when the rope gets caught on its leg and it has to
fall, right? Then, it's possible to
get a few lashes, right? Maybe not? No, yes. Then, which one of you
said that
during this training, it might get a few
lashes? Raise your hand!
That's right, there will definitely be times when you get a few lashes. Then, maybe
the trainer has to use methods
like starving you? Maybe, maybe
not,
to let you try. Try hard, so
try hard. What have you done so far?
Thank you, now let's move on to
another video. This video is very, very good!
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music] [Music] [
Applause] [
Music]
[Music] Do
you think it's good? The dolphins and
seals are trying hard, are
n't they? Are they obeying the trainer? And
when they
dance, do you think they're happy?
Very  Happy because of obedience to the coach, because of
effort and hard work, so I know things, I know how to
dance, I know how to jump, because I know how to dance, I get
things, I get happy. So now, if
you
want good results, what should you do?
Raise your hand!
At home, okay? At school, okay?
I'll answer.
This is Do Van Ra, I'm from Hanoi, currently
participating in the Golden Oriole class. Let's give
him a round of applause!
[Applause]
After these lessons,
what do I think I should do at school?
My school has to try hard, but
how should I try?
Thank you.
[Music] My
name is Linh, I'm in the Crescent Moon class.
[Applause]
According to what?
This whale listens to whom to succeed? It
listens to its coach. That's right. So, if you
want to succeed at school, who should you listen to? You should listen to your
teachers.
That's right, you should listen to your teachers. And if you want to know how to do
everything,
who should you listen to at home? You should
listen to your parents and grandparents, right?
Then listen to this...  So, is it true that we have to
try hard, and not
try hard? You're so good! Thank you.
So today we have a lesson:
we have to be self-reliant and try hard,
right children? And
then we have to be obedient, and then
we will get good results, right?
Now, let's ask this question. Now,
let's think about what we haven't tried hard enough
at school and
what we haven't tried hard enough at home, and how we will try harder.
What do you feel you haven't tried hard enough at? Then we will be determined to
try harder.
Little one, hello teacher. My name is Tran
Ngoc Diem Quynh, from Hoa Mai class.
At school, regarding studying
or other things, what do you feel you have
n't really tried hard enough at? Yes, I'm
studying, but I'm not trying hard enough, so I'm
losing focus. Ah, yes, not
trying hard to study leads to loss of focus. And
now, after watching
these videos and listening to these stories,
what do you think? I
think I will try harder to
focus on the lectures.  "Yes, teacher. That's
right, and the teachers' lectures...
Thank you, children. Let
me repeat it, children.
Listen carefully.
Our efforts will lead to
calmness, our efforts will lead to
focus, right? Right? So,
first, when we see that
we are weak in a subject, we will try to
study that subject. Do you agree? If
we try hard, we will be
calm, focused, and we will
succeed. What about housework? What about your
parents at home? Should you
try hard?
Now, one of you tell me, what is it that you do
n't usually try hard at home? What is
it that hinders you?
What is your name and what class are you in? "Hello teacher. My
name is Nguyen Dinh Gia Huy. I
currently live in class looking at the sea." (Let's give
a round of applause!) "Children, you
need to try hard to help your mother with a
lot of housework so she doesn't have to work so hard." (
Thank you!) "At home right now, I
haven't tried hard at anything yet." (
Teacher's comment: I haven't tried hard at anything yet.)
The laundry...
so now I think that
from now on I will try not to do laundry. Let's do it
one thing at a time. Let's all give him
a round of applause.
Thank you, child. Now it's your
turn. What do you think you haven't
tried to do yet?
What will you try to do when you get home?
Hello teacher. My name is Nguyen Van Thanh
An, I'm from the strawberry class group.
[Applause] At
home, I don't clean the house, iron, or
hang clothes.
Now, after these lessons, what do
you think? When
I get home, I will do more.
Try harder! Now let's give
him a round of applause! Now, when
we go home, let's remember... remember the
duckling, right? Remember the
antelope,
remember the
goats and dogs, remember the dolphin, remember the seal... Let's
try harder! Now, I'll
reward you by showing you
this series of stories again. Do
you agree? Let's
show this series of stories again.
Remember them carefully! Remember them well!
The images show these ducklings, they're facing great
difficulties, the duckling is in great
danger, but they're still trying so hard, are
n't they? Then there's the lesson of the
gazelle, it's very difficult to stand up, and they're trying so hard.
Yes, little duckling, try to follow the flock. You
see how dangerous it is,
children? Remember this carefully, remember this carefully so that when we're not trying hard enough, we'll remember the duckling. Look, you're trying so hard, and the whole flock is trying so hard too. It's so dangerous, but you're not giving up, children.
You've gone far, but
you're still following the flock alone. See? You're failing again, being
swept away by the stream, but you're still trying,
children. You've tried hard enough and
reached the right path, you've
made it across!
[Applause]
And someday, when you try hard and
succeed,
reward yourselves with a round of applause!
Then there's the gazelle.
[Music]
You've just come out of your mother's womb, and you
're already trying so hard, children. And yet, they
have you.  Compared to you, the antelope
is much bigger, isn't
it?
[Music]
You're so unfortunate, you were born and then
fell down like that, but you're trying so hard.
[Music]
Whenever you're tired or sick,
try your best. Try to eat, try to do
everything so that your mother doesn't have to
work so hard. Remember,
this antelope is trying very hard.
[Music]
Your mother is nudging you with her nose so that the ghost
can suck on your snout to let you know that
you have to stand up, you
can't do it. Then she licks
you clean.
[Music] Do
you see how much your mother
loves you? Is she
happy?
So if you try hard, your mother will love you very much. If you
don't try hard,
your mother will be sad. You see?
Animals are the same, humans are also
like that. Mothers love their children very much, always
wanting their children to grow up, wanting their children
to succeed, and always
supporting their children. That's
why your mother is very
happy when you, the antelope, are so happy.  This one is trying very
hard,
your mother, this gazelle, is very affectionate towards
you, you are very affectionate towards your mother, and your mother
loves you very much. It's so much
fun, isn't it? This is your
teacher, this trainer is called a
teacher. So, if you try hard and
get good results in your lessons,
will your teacher be happy,
right? Be like
these puppies at school. Even
this puppy can learn, and in class, your
teachers are trying very hard for
you. You should try hard too.
See how good
you are? These puppies can do it, so
why can't we try? Do you
see? Every time
you don't listen to your teachers,
think of this image.
[music]
And this is a very, very good result
of obedience. Obeying the trainer,
in the end, you
and the trainer have very good
performances. Isn't it
adorable? Isn't it adorable? Your friends are
very happy. My friends are very happy.
[music]
Okay kids, you have to learn from these fish friends, let's
try together
[music].
You perform with your
instructors and coaches, just
like you achieve results with your
teachers. Your teachers
teach you, and you have to obey them to get
good results. Are
n't you good?
[music]
Let's praise the Seal
[Applause]
[music]
Very wonderful! And now
we have one last story.
This
is a very good story. I'll show you,
then I'll ask you some questions. You can
speak up yourselves.
This story is very good. Now, the
organizers will show you the story...  This is a very, very good story. A little
monkey tries to save a kitten that has fallen into a
deep well. It gently lifts the kitten,
wanting to get it out of trouble,
but its weak body can't bear the
weight of the kitten. It turns out that the
little monkey was playing nearby and accidentally
found a kitten that had fallen into the deep well. The little
monkey gripped the well's edge with both hands,
wanting the kitten to grab its body,
but the kitten didn't understand its behavior and
just helplessly looked up at the sky. It was impossible. The
little monkey could only jump down. It
looked around and thought of a way to rescue the kitten, but
due to the depth of the well, the little monkey
jumped up again. It hoped the kitten could jump
up and grab the monkey's body, but the
kitten was frightened and didn't respond. The
little monkey was very worried; it didn't know
how to get the kitten out. In the
absence of a better solution, the
little monkey chose a third attempt. But the
immense physical effort
soon proved insufficient. The little monkey comforted the kitten, seemingly
telling it not to worry, that it
would definitely rescue the kitten.
Then, it gently lifted the kitten.  Trying to
jump out of the well with a kitten, it
could be found after many attempts. It
couldn't climb out on its own with a
kitten. The little monkey continued scratching the ground, wanting to
see if there was any usable tool. After a
while, it decided to try again, but it
ended in failure. The little monkey was
helpless, only able to jump up temporarily. It
jumped to the mouth of the well and chose to continue
waiting. Although it couldn't do
anything, it believed that as long as it waited
there, it could wait for rescue. In
this way, the kitten would have more vitality.
Every few minutes, the little monkey would hang
itself on the edge of the well, wanting the kitten to
bite its tail. It could see
that the little monkey was really worried. Only when
it was overwhelmed did a little girl pass by. The
little monkey kept hinting at the girl and using
actions to prove to her that
Ly was not the member being
searched for. The girl quickly read
its intentions. Seeing that the girl was ready to help, the
little monkey jumped up with confidence. The
girl then threw the kitten out of the well. The
little monkey immediately came.  He hugged the cat
tightly in his arms, afraid it
would fall into the well again. The
frightened cat lay quietly beside the little monkey. The
light of friendship now permeated their
hearts. Seeing their friends covered in mud, the little
monkey carefully helped its friend
clean the dirt from its fur. It was so sweet;
kindness could still be felt
even between different species.
Finally, the girl took the cat home. The little monkey
silently guarded the
cat's side, continuing to comfort its friend as if to
say that everything was over.
[Applause]
Now it's your turn, boys! What are your
opinions after watching
this story?
I'm scared. I'm in the "do re do re
mi" group. I'd like to
answer that the monkey was very confident in what it was doing. The
cat was very friendly, very friendly, and made an
effort to save its friend
until a girl came and
helped it. The monkey was still afraid the cat would fall down,
hugging it very tightly.
Thank you, my dear. I'm full.  But
now she needs another analysis. What other
analysis do you have?
Let's remember our topic is
trying to stay calm and then
succeeding. Now let's see how it goes. First, let's
introduce ourselves. "Teacher, I'm
from the
Hoa Sua class, my name is Pham Binh Nguyen." "
I'm from Hanoi." "What do
you think of this story?" "It's
very good." "Very good." "What's so good about it?" "It's about
friendship, right?" "Yes, that's right." "So,
do you see the friendship?" "No, no." "Let's give a round of
applause!" "Let's give a round of
applause!" "Do you
have any other opinions?" "I'm
from the Long-Distance Love class, my name is
Do Huyen Trang." "Let's give a round of
applause!" "
What do you think?" "I see the story
in the characters here, there's a monkey friend, there
's a cat friend." "What do you think of the story's
meaning and how can I learn from
it?" "I think it's because of the effort of the friends."  The
monkey decided it had to save the cat, so it waited for someone to pass
by so it could reach and save the cat. (Applause!)
Children, you see how
smart the monkey was in saving the cat?
Monkeys are intelligent creatures,
and they always try their best. Do you
see how much the monkey loves the cat?
If the monkey didn't try, would it
love the cat? If the
monkey were lazy and always playing,
would it think about saving the cat?
If it were lazy, it would never have
saved the cat. So, if the monkey is lazy,
does it try?
Therefore, if you want
love, you must always
try. Right, children?
If you want love, you must
always try. For example, if you
love your parents, do you try to
do housework? Right?
Who said that
if you want to love your parents, you must try?
Raise your hand! That's right!
Thank you very much, children. Remember,
if you don't try, you won't...
There's no love, right?
If we don't try hard,
we won't have love. So, if we
want love, we must
always try our best. And do you want
friends like the monkey?
Then you must choose
friends who always try their best. How do you
know how to try? Trying hard is key. Those who
always try their best, those who know how to try their best,
will become good friends. Good friends will become good children.
Good children will become good students.
So
we must always try our best to
become good friends, good
children,
good students. And especially, what does trying
bring to our minds? It brings
calmness, right?
Trying brings us
calmness, trying brings us diligence and
concentration. Right, children?
Right? Okay? So
now, in this lesson, we
must learn about trying our best. And to try our best, we
must be obedient. At home, we must
obey our parents to cultivate this quality. Try your
best! Obey your parents!  To cultivate
our perseverance, children, do you all agree?
Those of us who promise from today
onwards, we will obey our parents at home to cultivate perseverance. Great job! Let's
give each
other a round of applause! And
what about you children? Those of you who
promise that from now on, when in class,
we will obey our teachers to cultivate
a spirit of perseverance, raise your hands! Oh, you
children are so good! Let's
give each other another round of applause! So,
children, keep trying! We must cultivate perseverance, remember? By cultivating
perseverance, you will become
good friends, and you will want to
play with
and help your friends who are also striving. Do you all
agree?
Do you want to see the monkey again? Let's
see the monkey again! These
are good friends. If you see a
friend who is striving, you should play
with them. The
little monkey tried to save a cat that fell into a
deep well; it gently picked up the cat.  The monkey
wanted to get the kitten out of trouble,
but its weak body couldn't bear the
weight of the kitten. It turned out that the
little monkey, playing nearby, happened to
find a kitten that had fallen into the deep well.
Before the monkey could grab hold of the
well, it realized the kitten was in trouble. The
kitten didn't understand much of what it was doing,
only helplessly looking up at the sky. The
little monkey could only jump down. It
looked around, thinking of a way to rescue the kitten, but
due to the depth of the well, the little monkey
jumped up again. It hoped the kitten could jump
up and grab the monkey's body, but the
frightened kitten didn't respond. The
little monkey was very worried; it didn't know how
to get the kitten out.
Without a better solution, the
little monkey chose a third attempt. But the
immense physical effort soon proved
futile. The little monkey comforted the kitten, seemingly
telling it not to worry, that it
would surely rescue the kitten.
Next, it gently lifted the kitten up, trying to
jump out of the well with the kitten.
After many attempts, it could
n't.  The little monkey jumped by itself with a kitten,
trying to see if any
name could be used, even though the
camera was there, but it ended
in failure. The helpless little monkey
could only jump up temporarily, jumping wildly. It was
led into prison to wait, even though it
couldn't do anything, it
believed that as long as it waited there, it could
wait for rescue. In this way, the kitten
would have more vitality. Every few minutes, the little
monkey would hang itself on the edge of the
well, wanting the kitten to bite
its tail. It can be seen that the path for the
cat is scary only when it knows that its
friend is there, so the cat was afraid. The little monkey
continuously hinted at the girl and used actions
to prove to the girl that Ly was
not a member of the search party.
The girl quickly read its intentions.
Seeing that the girl was ready to help the kitten, the
little monkey jumped up with confidence. The girl
then threw the kitten out of the well. The
little monkey immediately came and hugged the kitten
tightly in its arms, afraid the kitten would fall
into the well again. The kitten was scared.  The girl
lay quietly beside the little monkey. The light
of friendship permeated their hearts.
Seeing their friends covered in mud, the little monkey
carefully helped its friend clean the
mud from its fur. This picture is very sweet;
kindness can still be felt
even between different species. Finally, the
girl took the cat home. The little monkey
silently guarded the cat's side,
continuing to comfort its friend as if to say
that everything was over. In
India, this scene is
definitely from India. In
India, they don't kill monkeys. When you go
to India, you'll see monkeys running around a
lot in the streets, and they live with the
villagers. You can go
out, you can give them something to eat, and they'll come
running to you in large numbers. It's
very interesting in India, children.
You see, when
you see the monkey saving the cat, you immediately
applaud and cheer.
That's why good deeds are always
praised, and good people are always
loved.  So, if you want to
be praised, expected, and
loved by everyone, what virtues must you cultivate? Be obedient,
try your best, be compliant, and be obedient.
And today's lesson, which I'm
sharing with you, is about
obedience and trying your best at school and
at home, and knowing how to help your friends. With a
loving heart, that's the result of
your efforts. Do you think
this cultivation of effort is necessary? Yes, it's
very necessary! And I hope you
will achieve the best results in your
studies and become people who are always
fearless, always striving, always succeeding.
Now, do you want your whole
family to love you?
Then what must you do? Be
obedient and try your best. Do you want your
teachers to love you? Then what
must you do? Be
obedient and try your best. Do you want your
friends to love you and help
you?
Then what must you do? Be
obedient and try your best. Let's all shout
out our lesson: Obedience
and Try Your Best!
[Applause]
Second time
Third time
[Applause] Okay, you're all so
good!
And the
volunteers in the organizing committee, will you give us a
song? Yes, ma'am.
We, your friends and the
volunteers, would like to present you with the
song "The Person I Love." Yes, let's all
sing loudly and clap loudly! Then, please, everyone, let's sing
loudly! On my
right is the person I love,
in front of me is the person I still want to follow. Around me is the person I love, the person I love is sitting to my left. The person
I love is
sitting to my right. The person I love is sitting around me. The person
I love is sitting around me. The
person I love is sitting around
me. Let's continue! On my right is the person I love, in
front of me is the person I love. Around me
is the person I love, the
person I love is sitting to my left. Because
I love, the person I love is
sitting to my right. The person I love is sitting around me. The
person I love is sitting around me. The person
I love is sitting around
me.  My beloved is
sitting around me in a circle, and so
tall! Friends,
my little boy is the one I love, the one
I cherish. To my right is the one I love, the one
in front of me is the one I love, the one
around me is the one I cherish. My beloved
is
sitting to my left, my
beloved is sitting to my right, my beloved
is adding to
my circle. My beloved is
sitting around me. Let's clap along,
children!
[Music]
Children, let's all send our
thanks to the teacher! We thank you so much, teacher!
1 2 3
We respectfully greet you, teacher. Today we are
very happy and grateful to have you share
and guide the students of the
Pink Lotus Bud retreat with the theme of children learning obedience
and striving. From your sharing,
we have learned many
relatable lessons. I'm sure you all will
know how to remember and apply them after
returning home. I hope that these little pink lotus buds will become
more diligent, studious, obedient, and
always strive in all circumstances.
Raise your hands like this!  She will come
here and we'll take a
huge photo, kids! And all of
you, raise your
hands high and smile brightly!
Summer at Ba Vang Pagoda 2023! You will grow up, make
friends from all directions, and have a lotus bud
illuminating your wisdom. This retreat is
for people of different ages, with
meaningful and
exciting activities that will give
young people special experiences
this summer at the heavenly Ba Vang Pagoda.
From there, you will gain valuable experience
in building a foundation of morality,
wisdom, and karma, helping you to confidently move forward in
life.
The program will be streamed live
on the following platforms: bavangpao.com, thichtructhaiminh.com,
YouTube Ba Vang Pagoda, YouTube
Thichtructhaiminh, Facebook Ba Vang Pagoda,
Facebook Thichtructhaiminh,
Facebook Ba Vang Youth Club, Facebook
Rahula Club. Come
to the Ba Vang Pagoda Summer Retreat 2023, the
land
of the vibrant youth!